# Fall2021
Preferences
I've been reading Michael Lewis' "The Undoing Project", and I was really interested in Amos Tversky's investigation of transitivity in consumer preferences. Since this tied in quite nicely to microeconomic theory and behavioral economics, I got the idea to write a quick program to test transitive preferencecs and consumer rationality. The test is based off of Tversky's 'hot drinks' questions. It's feasible for an individual's preferences to be intransitive, and therefore irrational. I had fun mapping out the decision tree and determining which outcomes were 'rational.'

DNA
For my first assignment in my Software Design class, we were tasked with finding a the longest common substring between two strands of DNA. This is a very common problem in computer science, but our learning goals were different from the usual suspects of this problem. My professor wanted us to focus on modular and creative problem solving rather than brute force or dynamic programming. I must admit, however, that I brute forced my way through this assignment. My final product isn't pretty or efficient, but it gets the job done. If it's stupid but it works, it isnt't stupid.

WordSearch
This program reads an input word search file and outputs the locations of the word in the grid. If the word does not exist within the grid, the program returns (0, 0). Again, this is not my best work. I'm not sure what the learning goals were for this assignment, but my biggest takeaway was the value of minimalist programming. It's easy to get caught up in minutia test cases and spend hours implementing solutions and elegent processes. But there's still a deadline. I developed my Minimum Viable Product, shipped it, did some very light edge case solving, and turned the darn thing in. It's big. It's bad. But it works. YAGNI.
